[Doc Feature][Meeting AI Insights API][4439906] (#12758)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/graph-api/meeting-transcripts/overview-transcripts.md

---

> title: Fetch Meeting Transcripts & Recordings

Reviewer: Update to include AI Insights?

Author: I've updated the meta title to "Get Transcripts, Recordings & Insights", @kanchm. Please note that the meta title can't be longer than 39 characters and will get truncated if it exceeds the limit.

> [!NOTE]
> The process for calling Graph APIs to access and retrieve transcripts and recordings remains the same for both meeting-specific RSC application permissions and organization-wide application permissions. These APIs support private chat meetings and channel meetings only in beta.

## Get AI-generated meeting summaries

> Your app can directly fetch AI-generated meeting summaries, including conversation summaries, action items, and @mention utterances using Meeting AI Insights API. For more information, see [get meeting insights with Meeting AI Insights API](meeting-insights.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your app can directly fetch AI-generated meeting summaries, including conversation summaries, action items, and mentions using Meeting AI Insights API. For more information, see [get meeting insights with Meeting AI Insights API](meeting-insights.md).
```

## See also

* [Apps for Teams meetings and calls](../../apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-apps-in-meetings.md)
* [Meeting app APIs](../../apps-in-teams-meetings/meeting-apps-apis.md)

> * [App manifest schema for Teams](../../resources/schema/manifest-schema.md)

Reviewer 3: Sample has broken here:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f4146ef3-09e8-4126-b21b-0bd376c163a0)

Author: Fixed the alignment, @ChetanSharma-msft.
